https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-12024 (#6626)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/whats_new.adoc

[#global-hub-whats-new]
== multicluster global hub 

> * *Technology Preview:* Enable global search to include resources from all clusters managed by {global-hub}. Global search expands the search capabilities when you use {global-hub} to manage your environment. See, link:../observability/manage_search.adoc#customizing-search-console[Customizing the search console].

Author: ```suggestion
* *Technology Preview:* Enable global search to include resources from all clusters managed by {global-hub}. Global search expands the search capabilities when you use {global-hub} to manage your environment. See, link:../global_hub/global_search.adoc#global-search[{global-hub} search (Technology Preview)].
```

* You can enable the _Fleet_ switch to view the potential risks for updating your managed clusters. See, link:../observability/insights_intro.adoc#update-risks[Viewing update risk predictions]. 

> * *Technology Preview:* Enable global search to find resources for your hub and managed clusters. See, link:../observability/manage_search.adoc#customizing-search-console[Customizing the search console].

Reviewer: Update to match this comment https://github.com/stolostron/rhacm-docs/pull/6626/files#r1669118310

> * *Technology Preview:* Enable global search to find resources for your hub and managed clusters. See, link:../observability/manage_search.adoc#customizing-search-console[Customizing the search console].

Author: ```suggestion
* *Technology Preview:* Enable global search to find resources for your hub and managed clusters. Global search expands the search capabilities when you use {global-hub} to manage your environment. See, link:../observability/manage_search.adoc#customizing-search-console[Customizing the search console].
```

> * *Technology Preview:* Enable global search to find resources for your hub and managed clusters. Global search expands the search capabilities when you use {global-hub} to manage your environment. See, link:../observability/manage_search.adoc#customizing-search-console[Customizing the search console].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Technology Preview:* Enable global search to include resources from all clusters managed by {global-hub}. Global search expands the search capabilities when you use {global-hub} to manage your environment. See, link:../observability/manage_search.adoc#customizing-search-console[Customizing the search console].
```
